hey folks it's Stu from Evolution
Unleashed and today I'm back with a
quick 10 minute tutorial video you're
going to get a lot more of these I'll be
flying solo in these
um because we want to keep them nice and
short so today I want to introduce you
to a plugin called Web pilot show you
some of the cool things you can do with
it and the prompt I've got for you today
which will be provided down below for
free will show you how to rewrite your
website copy in a very cool way so
before we get started we need to
understand how to load our plugins so
we're going to go to chat CPT now
unfortunately folks this is only
available in the gpt4 or the plus paid
account to have access to that you'll be
able to use these plugins and we want to
come down and make sure we've got
plugins installed if you can't see
plugins here just come down here I
haven't got it open at the moment to
your settings uh just go in there go to
your beta settings and activate plugins
okay so you'll see I've got one plugin
selected so when you've got plugins uh
here you'll see which plugins you have
here you can have up to three I've got
one of three which is the one we're
using today with pilot but if you don't
have that you need to come all the way
down to the bottom here
uh and as you can see it's a little bit
uh zoomed in too fast so we'll just zoom
out a wee bit there's the plug-in store
click that and we'll Zoom back in uh and
just type web pilot folks and there it
is you want to just click install what
it does is it browse web pages okay so
you can give it a website or a number of
URLs uh in the same domain or you could
give a URL for a PDF or data and then
you can work with that with chat GPT and
that's where you get to be creative and
think of all the cool things you can do
you might put your competitors website
in here and go and analyze it for gaps
and then tell chat GPT your offer and
ask it to show how your offer is
differentiated or Superior to your
competitors offer and if it see as well
it isn't will help me make it more
differentiated can help me outperform or
I'll complete this particular offer so
for competitive analysis absolutely
brilliant but today we're using it for
something different so if you've got
that installed we'll head back over
to check GPT and I've got a prompt for
you that's going to allow us to go and
rewrite our website copy now many of you
will have a website you're probably
thinking I need to redo it sometime you
don't maybe don't want to hire a
copywriter this is a way to do it in in
a way that actually cuts down a lot of
the problems which I'll show you so the
prompt has a number of placeholders and
I want to quickly take you through those
I don't want to make these videos too
long folks so over here I've already put
the prompt in okay let's Zoom back in so
today I would like to assume the role of
professional copywriter specialized in
creating website copy for your first
placeholder just put your type of
company your industry so if you're email
marketing you'll put email marketing
company if you're a spiritual lifestyle
coach you'll put for a spiritual
lifestyle coach just put what you are
here or your company is here put in the
URL of the website that you are redoing
this one is actually a prompt I created
for myself we've partnered with a
chatbot developer because we just got
sick of trying to find a chat bot that
could do what we wanted we have built a
client acquisition chatbot that we're
going to be releasing to the public uh
through this partnership with this
amazing developer Jeremy and as a result
we need to rewrite the landing page or
the website copy and I want to make it
really professional so I want to take
you through the placeholders the first
one is apart from the URL and make sure
by the way folks that you use the full
https www the whole lot the wwwk but the
full URL in then you want to put in your
target market you can see I've got an
extensive target market here we've got
demographic psychographic very quickly
again want to keep these short uh we've
got a free file over here called the
free Power prompt swipe file this is
yours for free in our group it's the
first pin post otherwise I'll put a link
down below this video so you can access
this it's got some of our really cool
prompts but the one you want is target
market and it's going to give you a lot
of very valuable information
for your prompts and then whenever you
need to align something to your target
market you can put this output in
wherever we have a placeholder for
target market so that's free recommend
to download that or if you've been
through our marketing Excel loader
framework uh you'll have a much more
extensive version you may have the full
demographic and psychographic breakdown
that we've got here because those
problems are a little more advanced for
our paid clients okay
intention you'll recognize our prompt
structure task context which is King
give it lots of context and now our goal
or objection is to create a new copy for
our website in order to maximize and
optimize conversion rates we want to
make more sales it's about revenue and
the instructions please analyze the
website URL provided and suggest a
complete rewrite of the copy according
to the following guidelines
we can read through these this is just
um some placeholders that I've added in
so the copy should follow best practice
four if you're a spiritual life coach
put spiritual life coaching websites if
you're an email marketer you'll write
email marketing websites just to give
that additional uh sort of
personalization to chat GPT and look
folks I want a future prompting that's
why we've got a prompt engineering
course coming that's going to be very
Advanced you need to learn how to tweak
these instructions so that it's even
more powerful this will be good but it
may be different right so you know
ensure you position Autobots as the
leader in the field of conversational AI
you may put ensure you position you know
this isn't a line that isn't in your
prompt you may want to edit it's what
I've added in took it out of your one
because it's not needed but you might
want to put enjoy your position uh your
brand as a leader in the field of email
marketing or spiritual lifestyle
coaching or whatever it is uh
constraints because this is a SAS
product I've put please don't overhype
this or use hype language avoid response
Styles the goal is to present an offer
in a way that is natural professional it
will still resonate with that target
audience so I don't want to Hype
language I don't want Skyrocket your
success or any of this stuff this is a
SAS product so this is why you need to
really learn how to drive these
instructions okay because this may
not give you the type of output you want
if you've done the marketing accelerator
framework we would have given you a tone
of motion and voice where you can create
your brand voice so what you'll do here
at the bottom of your instructions you
would just paste in your tone of motion
and voice that you've done in the math
if you haven't done the math yet folks
it's an incredible tool if you're in
business and you need to get clients
it's indispensable you'll use it so much
it'll blow your mind it'll give you such
a leap forward and it's like 297 dollars
it is incredible
um anyway I'll drop a link to that below
because you really need to upskill and
learn prompting which we teach you in
there and we give you all the advanced
marketing prompts with the how and the
why because I think that's important
that you learn so really
um the the key to this prompt is we've
added added this here please show the
old version of each section along with
your new copy now there'll be another
line on your prompt there'll be our
override I have it in my custom
instructions I won't bore you with the
details but yours will have an extra
section here which you'll see in the
prompt below
uh under this video so uh certainly JJ
I'm excited to take on a style okay so
here's the old version for example
Autobots AI we're changing the way
people connect and it's given me a new
version transforming business growth
through intelligent conversations much
better right
um and this is why this is a really cool
way to rewrite your website if you just
use it our other copy generators it
doesn't know the style and flow of your
website by looking at your website
you're not going to have to redesign it
notice the length of the content folks
is pretty similar right so while your
headlines might be a little bit
different your kicks might be different
the only thing you'll need to change is
the text and it'll fit into whatever
website you have because we've told it
to keep it in that structure okay so
that'll just take away one of those
headaches and look how much better this
is unlock unprecedented growth and AR
Power conversations that's the headline
a chatbot platform is your secret weapon
for boosting sales enhancing customer
service and automating tasks if
definitely integrated with zappy we
Empower you to connect with over 50 000
actions seamlessly I'll make this
product is mind-blowing and we can't
wait to release this so as I said we
built this prompt for ourselves but now
we're using it as a training for you so
folks you can see we've got uh all these
new versions and the last thing I really
want to do oh it's it's saying uh do you
want to discuss any of these sections of
more detail uh thank you chat TPP please
continue we'll see what else it wants to
say it might suggest some additional
things we've got this override prompt a
structure built into the end of The
Prompt and we get some really cool stuff
okay so it's just going to keep going
through and rewriting the website if you
don't like the answers that it gave you
folks
and especially when you're writing copy
oh look at that it's even redoing the
footer look at that pioneering
intelligent conversations how much
better is that as you can see we still
have placeholders on the current one
um here's all our links look at makes it
look much nicer and so on okay uh
continue to focus on making the copy I
won't read all that but this is perfect
now we can actually regenerate this okay
and it will regenerate the second
response or we might want to regenerate
the first response and then it'll give
you your please continue and then you
can just edit through and pick out the
best parts of each okay so really folks
today I just wanted to show you how to
use this plugin to rewrite your website
copy or to do computer analysis and we
want to teach you a lot more about
prompting these large language models
like Chachi PT so you can start to get
the output that's going to move you
forward and actually have a tangible
impact on your business rather than just
fluffy talk that doesn't make any change
so that's it for this video we've got
plenty more of these coming and I'll see
you in the next one